fix: merge-base incorrect when shallow fetch depth is insufficient (#5664)
semgrep/semgrep: CHANGELOG.md

- Scala: ellipsis are now allowed in for loop headers, so you can write patterns
  like `for (...; $X <- $Y if $COND; ...) { ... }` to match nested for loops. (#5650)

> - `SEMGREP_MIN_FETCH_DEPTH` with default value 0 to set the minimum fetch depth
>   when calculating merge-base (in GithubActions pull requests). Setting to a high
>   value like 100 should solve occurances of semgrep calculating a stale merge-base
>   causing semgrep to report findings not touched in PRs (#5664)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `SEMGREP_MIN_FETCH_DEPTH` environment variable
  which lets you set how many commits `semgrep ci` fetches from the remote at the minimum
  when the Git repository was cloned shallow.
  Having more commits available helps Semgrep determine what changes came from the current pull request,
  fixing issues where Semgrep would report findings that weren't touched in a given pull request.
  This value is set to 0 by default (#5664)
```

- Scala: ellipsis are now allowed in for loop headers, so you can write patterns
  like `for (...; $X <- $Y if $COND; ...) { ... }` to match nested for loops. (#5650)
- The `SEMGREP_GHA_MIN_FETCH_DEPTH` environment variable which lets you set how many

>   commits `semgrep ci` fetches from the remote at the minimum when calculating the merge-base in GithubActions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  commits `semgrep ci` fetches from the remote at the minimum when calculating the merge-base in GitHub Actions.
```

- Scala: ellipsis are now allowed in for loop headers, so you can write patterns
  like `for (...; $X <- $Y if $COND; ...) { ... }` to match nested for loops. (#5650)

> - The `SEMGREP_MIN_FETCH_DEPTH` environment variable
>   which lets you set how many commits `semgrep ci` fetches from the remote at the minimum
>   when the Git repository was cloned shallow.
>   Having more commits available helps Semgrep determine what changes came from the current pull request,
>   fixing issues where Semgrep would report findings that weren't touched in a given pull request.
>   This value is set to 0 by default (#5664)

Author: ```suggestion
- The `SEMGREP_MIN_FETCH_DEPTH` environment variable
  which lets you set how many commits `semgrep ci` fetches from the remote at the minimum
  when the Git repository was cloned shallow.
  Having more commits available helps Semgrep determine what changes came from the current pull request,
  fixing issues where Semgrep would report findings that weren't touched in a given pull request.
  This value is set to 0 by default. Only applies to GithubActions (#5664)
```

Reviewer: maybe we should put GHA in the env var name, didn't realize this was the case.

Author: yeah good idea

Author: Done
